while some would argue that the debt
doesn't matter I'm going to show you why
the United States can never get out of
its debt problem and why this is a real
issue for you the individual you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you in today's video we are going to
look at the dead circumstance which is
on top of your back not the government
the government is an empty vassel to be
filled with all of these politicians
these dirty criminals that are the ones
that are trying to take what they can
before their term is over and you the
individual got to carry all of that
weight on your back and it is becoming
uh much more of an issue as time goes on
yes the debt does matter the number the
total number of debt not really more
debt will be added next year and the
year Beyond we know this to be the case
and of of course there isn't a way to
reduce the amount of debt because the
system itself is born out of debt so we
know this this needs to be known okay
but the problem here is how that debt is
shifted from the public the government
into the actual people and what they
have to deal with I'm going to show it
to you right here you could see a
million simulations and one verdict for
a US economy debt danger ahead Bloomberg
eon economics ran a million forecast
simulations on the US debt Outlook 88%
of them show borrowing on unsustainable
path you can't get away with this
forever you realize that right like
borrowing yeah oh yeah we have we have
the US dollar we have the Petro dollar
and we have the big military therefore
we can get away with it forever and ever
but you got to realize something these
things are good to suggest and certainly
the United States has the strongest
currency in the world there's no
question about it everybody no matter
what country you go to will accept that
US dollar there's just one issue that
you the the individual if you're inside
of the United States you got to realize
when the government is spending money
they are simply devaluing your currency
because it goes out the window you don't
have
productivity you just have this level of
um devaluation and that comes in many
forms okay so here it is they talk about
the G debt to GDP ratio and people have
said like this magic number of 100% when
the debt the GDP ratio goes over 100%
that's when it's a problem look I don't
know you could see that uh some
countries are still going strong
seemingly um when it goes above 100 but
I think for some people they just need
to understand that uh the debt becomes
burdensome on the average individual it
doesn't matter if it's Greece it doesn't
matter if it's Spain or Italy or
Portugal it doesn't matter if it's the
United States because people have to pay
the bill you got to pay that bill and
the bigger this becomes the more um like
think of it like a an earthquake right
it's going to be more intense the bigger
it gets it's like if it goes up in the
RoR scale right well that's the issue it
it is more of a problem as debt
compounds you got to look at this feds
kashari says
2024 rate cuts under threat if inflation
continues to stall and so this is where
things get real difficult because
everything has been riant on interest
rates going lower and if they stay high
then we have a problem that debt as you
see it
today the debt is already unpayable
you're looking at a trillion dollars in
the United States a trillion dollars
just in interest payments and so if
they're going to leave interest rates
High then that burden continues for
longer the longer it goes on for the
more things that will break along the
way when you have money for free well
nothing really is a problem hey
everything's good we are in the you know
this fantastic unicorn and rainbow Zone
but when you get to these real points
where you have a little bit of interest
to pay on stuff well then it releases
all of that and we get to see who is
really um basically pushed to the edge
and their margins are too thin or what
have you in these different companies
this is just talking about um you could
see it here markets believe that the
rate Cuts will not come as early as they
said that they would and we're going to
have to see how this all comes out the
bond Market's freaking out as a result
of it look these are these fluctuations
don't pay attention to them of course
don't pay attention to the minor
fluctuations but understand that rate
Cuts were what the market was betting on
since last year by the way they thought
they would never come in the first place
but now those things keep getting pushed
further and further and further Powell
says usfed has time to assess the data
before decid in to cut so now they're
making these claims that maybe we don't
have to do this cashard saying this and
in fact all of them are kind of saying
okay well we're good right now because
the economy is going strong inflation
has come down let's keep it where it is
why would we go and increase interest
rates when things are doing so so well
nothing's breaking according to pow
according to the FED we don't have to
worry and remember they actually want to
create a crisis this is important and as
a result of this gold plows to record
high after Powell's remarks and so
you'll see how this works but um it is
pretty clear that people believe that
the US dollar is um not exactly that
safe haven they would rather have a
little bit of their cash being put into
gold instead okay this is paper gold we
know but at least it shows you what has
happened this is uh 2300 at at Peak
anyway it hit which is a record high so
we see it is fighting of course that
price it's moving up it's moving down
but in general um Traders have been
bidding that up in the case of Steve
eisan who is um from uh if you don't
know from the book and the movie The Big
Short all right it was the character
that Steve Carell played he said that
the FED shouldn't cut rates risks
creting a stock market bubble if it does
okay I don't it's like it's like uh did
you ever turn the news on Steve uh what
do we have today not a bubble okay got
you got you okay uh here we go what's
next this is huge I think people need to
realize this everybody who's been on my
channel since 2019 knows about this if I
say to you right now September 17th
2019 put it in the comments what am I
talking about it's four letters
September 17th
2019 put it in the comments four letters
what am I discussing here I want to see
if you guys know I'll try to reach out
to all of you that do what happened
September 17th 2019 four letter word and
get to the bottom of it and try to
understand how frail and fragile this
system actually is and it was exposed
right at that
moment here we go the funniest people
are those who think that 2020s crash was
caused by well you know what the banking
system was already collapsing September
2019 forcing the FED to start repo
interventions like in 2008 the system
only collapsed when the FED pulled the
Reaper go away 2023 is the same game
plan with the btfp and the oce so
basically just goes into this and the
links are in the description if you want
to check this out but I wanted to just
point this out here because there have
been many many many interventions since
the financial crisis many times they've
gone in there they went in in
2019 they went in in
2020 again they were buying mortgage
back Securities they were buying
corporate bonds of companies like apple
they were doing things that really went
under the radar of course we've seen
things they actually do not have the
authority to do one of them being when
they were purchasing the corporate bonds
of companies like apple they are not
allowed to do that oh but they found
this little loophole and they did it
through the treasury and blah blah blah
yeah okay it whether you do it directly
or indirectly it it doesn't matter okay
you're not allowed to do that everybody
cheered them on everybody cheered them
on they want that they want more and
more intervention even the people that
are supposedly telling you and the fed
and the FED these guys love the FED
okay all right those people on YouTube
saying in the FED they love the fed and
you just look at what they actually say
in depth and you realize that the FED is
a group of unelected criminals there to
take everything from you once you start
to dig into their history you will
realize that this is not a joke I am not
exaggerating this in the least once you
it's not Jerome Powell it's not these
other guys it's the institution itself
study the history of this institution
you could read the book The Creature
from Island as a simple way to to look
at that there's documentaries there's
all these things but just know how this
institution got started who was involved
in it and then what I did which is a
little much but I read basically all of
the history and and like who was at
every single meeting all these books
there's a book by Murray and rothberg uh
called America's Great Depression which
you can read about all of the fed's
involvement there there's the book
called the case against the FED which is
incredible as well I think that's
rothbart um so this just goes into it
and you could you could see that I mean
I've read probably way too much in this
but um you know now I feel confident in
telling you I feel very confident the
new magic number for retirement is $1.46
million here's what it tells us there's
no single formula for how much you need
to save your 401k but at the same time
they're telling you you need $1.46
million now I think that this is uh 1.46
million is going to be nothing in the
near future but $1.46 million why
because they say hey you're going to get
7 to 10% in the stock market going
forward that's going to be fantastic
you're never going to lose money I mean
it's crazy uh but here we go
so we got to understand what's Happening
Here people don't have that right the
vast majority of people don't have that
now maybe they can sell their property
and then
retire people would say yeah I'll just
sell my property but then what happens
here we've been told that there's this
big shift from the Baby Boomers that are
going to sell all their property and
then they're going to give it to their
kids by the way don't forget about the
fact you got to split that in between
your kids and so yeah it's a million
dollars but now it's split multiple ways
inflation takes hold are there taxes on
the way out of that anyway but here we
have it
where you're not going to be able to
reap the rewards of that your kids might
some of it but the people so are they
going to are they going to sell the
property and
downsize okay are they going to pay
capital gains on
that I can't charge $20 for a Happy Meal
McDonald's franchisee responds to
California's new fast food wages all I'm
showing you here is that costs are
rising people do not have what they did
before and that debt is burdensome once
we start realizing that we can get to
the the real heart of the matter okay
the currency is being devalued the
Federal Reserve the central banks around
the world are all doing this in lock
step and that's really critical to
understand so what can you do of course
number one if you're outside of the US
start earning US dollar okay because
immediately you're going to make uh the
differential the US dollar still strong
okay well when we look at it
internationally if you're earning US
dollar could you be earning British
pounds yes you could be you can be make
doing the same amount of activity but
suddenly making more money in a
different country you got to be able to
have a business that operates online
this is another thing I talk about all
the time you've got to have skills that
other people don't that are sought after
build your skill set learn things okay I
I I think it's important I've got videos
all on this howto and solutions playlist
on my YouTube channel hit that thumbs up
if you're appreciated the fact that I
talk about Solutions it's not always the
problems but guess what you got to make
it you got to have the patience to make
it to the end of the video usually most
people don't so thank you for that hit
that thumbs up if you want more details
about how to actually do this diversity
uh currency diversification thing please
link in the description click that top
of the description the money gps.com
live that's where I talk all about that
okay find out about it and don't forget
to come back tomorrow take
care